feat: support Cloudflare Workers Builds (#13733)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/plenty-cougars-wave.md

---
'@sveltejs/adapter-cloudflare': minor
'@sveltejs/adapter-auto': minor
---

> feat: support Cloudflare Workers Builds by detecting the `WORKERS_CI` environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@sveltejs/adapter-cloudflare': patch
---

chore: check the `WORKERS_CI` environment variable when determining if we're building for Cloudflare Workers
```
